Update version / README (#39)
project-chip/matter.js: README.md

Implementation of Matter protocol in typescript with no native dependencies (and very limited dependencies).

## Current status

This is work in progress.

Completed implementations:

> * TLV codec
> * 12 cluster defintions (including TLV structures for all messages)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [X] TLV codec (coder/decoder) and schema mapping and validation engine
- [X] 12 cluster definitions (including TLV structures for all messages)
```
